Testing methodologies & SDLC
1. What are the different types of testing?
        we have two types of  testing they are functional testing and non-functional testing.In these testing we have more sub heading that are
FUNCTIONAL TESTING:
•	Unit testing:
                   Unit testing is also known as component level mostly it is done by the developers and also they worked in the particular to the unit.
•	Integration testing:
                   Integration testing is different from unit testing .In integration two or more component work at the same time
•	Regression testing:
                   Regression testing is one of the important testing for testersand also this testing will go for automation testing. It is also known as E to E
(End to End )testing.
•	Smoke testing:
Smoke testing we called as high level testing.It has less number of        testing cases.We have to move important regression test cases to  smoke testing
NON- FUNCTIONAL TESTING:
•	Documentation testing: it have to be in manual 
•	Installation testing: It is the process to install
•	Security:Extra features
•	Performance:Performing application (eg: load,spike,endurance testing)
2. What are the different STLC phases?
           STLC means (SOFTWARE TESTING LIFE CYCLE )
a.	Requirement analysis
b.	Test plan
c.	Test design
d.	Environment setup
e.	Test execution
f.	Test closure
As a tester it is a cycle process.
3. As a manual tester, what are the qualities do you posses provide examples to illustrate your points?
a.	  Ability to managing project 
b.	  Knowlege of agile frame work 
c.	Understanding of regression testing
d.	You can analyze data
4.What are the different between waterfall &agile methodologies in SDLC?
I.	     Waterfall is the classical SDLC methodology thet follows logical progression of linear sequential phases within the project lifecycle.
II.	    Agile is mostly designed to facilitate and eliminate the  waste process when we compared waterfall methodology agile is a quick process to finish 
 
 
